♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard.
There, they face off against
the mad scientist, Caesar Clown,
who has unleashed
a terrifying bioweapon
known as "Land of the Dead."
The Straw Hats and Law dash
through a massive laboratory.
Their objective is
to kidnap Caesar,
free his captives,
and escape the island.
[laughs]
Capture me if you can,
but I'm well protected.
Doflamingo. The Four Emperors.
Tell me, do you truly
have the guts
to pick a fight with them?
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I don't think you do, Straw Hat.
What'd you say?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
You should get out of my way
while you still have a chance.
[screams]
[LUFFY]
I'm pickin' a fight.
And that's what I've been
doin' my whole life!
[LUFFY] "A Surprising Outcome!
White Hunter vs. Vergo!"
[SUBORDINATES]
No! Not the Master!
[growls]
[CAESAR CLOWN] Ow, ow, ow!
My nose! You broke my nose!
Damn it! Do you know
how much this hurts?
How dare you,
you little brat! Ow!
Agh! Idiot! Were you listening
to a single word I said?
There's no chance in hell you're
going to get away with this!
Agh! I told you who
I have backing me.
Oh! The craziest
pirate of them all!
Are you sure you want to
face a deadly Warlord
like Don Quixote Doflamingo?
He's the New World puppeteer.
The one who pulls all the
strings behind the scenes.
Weapons, drugs, you name it.
If there's an illicit
transaction taking place,
he's involved somehow.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN] He's the
mastermind of the underground,
with connections to every
notorious person
you can think of. Ha!
A minnow like you is no match
for a shark like Doflamingo.
He could chew you up and spit
you out in a matter of minutes.
He'll take you down, and all
of your friends along with you.
[growls]
Eeh. It's not too late though!
I can still spare you
if you apologize now.
You don't want to do
something you'll regret!
Uh. Think carefully
about this, Straw Hat.
Do you really want
to pit yourself
against the monsters
I've got in my corner?
Well?
Hey! Are you listening?
Say something!
They'll come for you.
The Four Emperors.
And the Warlords, too.
They'll rip you limb from limb
and dump you in the sea!
Just a quick apology.
Do it right now and I can
let you off the hook!
Gastille!
[laughs]
You lost your chance, you fool!
[SUBORDINATES]
Hell yeah!
A gas burner attack!
Those melt steel!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
I wonder what's left.
Aww. Did he melt away
or burn into ash?
Eh?
[CAESAR CLOWN screams]
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
let's take a second.
This is a lot to process.
You're still a rookie
in the New World,
so I'm sure none of
this feels real to you.
But one of those monsters
is right here in the lab.
That's right: Vergo!
Nobody can stand for long
against his Armament Haki.
They're all goners.
Smoker and that fool Law.
Not to mention your crew.
I don't understand. I told you
you're all going to die.
Why aren't you listening to me?
How about you listen to me?
[LUFFY]
I'm not scared of you!
Watch it, Smoker.
[SMOKER yells]
Vergo!
How dare you screw with
the Navy, you filthy traitor!
Are you truly so deluded
you think you're strong
enough to defeat me?
You never learn, do you?
Maybe it[ll help if I
put this very simply.
My fighting skills and
Haki are superior,
and you are going to die.
[yells]
Too slow!
White Blow!
[gasps]
[SMOKER yells]
Is getting your revenge
really worth all this?
You're that angry with me
for betraying the Navy?
[SMOKER] If you have to ask
that, you'll never understand.
Were you ever truly a Marine?
I will end you, pirate scum.
Repeatedly saying
you're going to kill me
won't actually make it happen.
You don't seem to
understand that.
[NARRATOR] The Land of
the Dead is a lethal gas
that petrifies any human
before it kills them.
It has covered the island and
is now filling the laboratory.
[TASHIGI]
Hey, where are you going now?
If you were headed in
the right direction,
we should've caught up
with the kids already!
You're hurt! Save your strength
and shut your mouth.
I don't need your directions.
[TASHIGI]
No! Not that way!
Stop! You went too far!
How can you mess up
something this simple?
[ZORO]
Just stop talking!
We need to hurry, kids!
Keep running, okay?
My head feels all foggy,
like I just came out of a dream.
Yes, that's a side-effect
of the sedatives,
but I assure you they're
perfectly harmless.
Run as fast as you can,
Marines, and remember:
Our number one priority
is to protect the children
and get them to safety!
[MARINES]
We've got them!
Just leave it to us, sir! Yeah!
Mocha, stay with me.
You're gonna be all right soon.
Just a little longer now.
Come on, get it all out, okay?
[NARRATOR] The survivors
are making their way
toward the first floor
of Building R,
the location of the
last remaining exit
and ground zero for Luffy's
battle with Caesar.
Meanwhile, Kin'emon continues
his desperate search
for his son.
[screams]
What have I done to
my poor Momonosuke?
He what?!
Momonosuke has taken the form
of a dragon? Are you sure?
[GINKO] Uh-huh. It's a
secret, but it's true.
Is life truly so cruel?
Did I take my blade to
the body of my own kin?
Momonosuke!
I am the vilest monster
that ever lived!
[BROOK]
Kin'emon, please listen.
You can't go back!
That area is surely filled
with gas by now!
[screams]
[BROOK] There it is! Quick!
We must turn around at once!
A warrior's spirit will guide
him through any obstacle,
be it deadly gas
or a blazing fire!
Momonosuke!
[BROOK] Warrior spirit or not,
that's impossible!
The Sea Prism Stone handcuffs.
They could be in this room.
Hmm.... No, I don't
think they are.
The "Usopp alarm" going off
in my head is telling me
that there's nothing in there
and I'd be better off
stealthily running away.
Yeah, that's it. I'll just
pretend I checked in there.
I'll say, "I found a suspicious
room and looked inside
for the Sea Prism
Stone handcuffs"...
[SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
..."but they weren't there!"
[USOPP]
Hm?
[SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
[USOPP]
Hmm?
[SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
He's with the Straw Hats!
[USOPP] Gah! Why is this
always happening to me?!
White... Blow!
Are you satisfied now?
Have you had enough?
You can cling to the
thought of getting justice
as tightly as you want.
But as long as you're weak,
you will never have it.
What do you want?
I just need to get my
heart back from you.
Once I have it, I can
kick your ass, Vergo.
Easily!
I'm starting to get very
tired of repeating myself.
It's Mr. Vergo. Got it?
[screams, groans]
[SMOKER]
Until I get back,
I'm leaving you in charge
of the men, understood?
[TASHIGI] Get back? But where
are you going, Smoker?
Vergo! That's who
you're after, right?
[SMOKER]
I can't let him get away.
The law won't see
that traitor punished
the way he deserves to be.
I have to handle it myself.
Nobody screws around
with my Navy.
Don't you have any pride?
A Marine would rather die than
beg a pirate for their life!
[TASHIGI]
I don't care!
We have other things to worry
about--and other people!
If we get killed over
our stupid pride,
then all of our men
are as good as dead.
What about the children?
You're going to die here
along with the rest, Law.
[VERGO]
Hm?
He's not dead yet.
[VERGO] It's past time
to give up, Smoker.
We've been over this. You know
you're no match for me.
[yells]
What are you doing, you fool?
Bad call. Spreading
yourself thin?
You shouldn't do that
when you're up against
a better Haki user.
[yells]
It just makes it
easier to hit you.
Why do you keep using
your Devil Fruit power?
You're not thinking
straight right now.
This isn't like you.
You always have your
head in the game.
[gasps]
Enough. I'm done playin' around.
[yells]
[VERGO]
Demon Bamboo!
You want to kill me so badly
for betraying you and the Navy.
But it was stupid to take me on
when you're not strong enough.
Recklessness won't
save your people
or make them proud of you.
It's over now.
[LAW]
Well done, Smoker.
I can take things from here.
Thanks for keeping
your end of the deal.
[gasps]
[VERGO]
Now I get it, you bastard.
That's why you
turned into smoke.
This makes us even, Law.
Will you finish him already?
[LAW]
You really can't stand the idea
of owing a pirate, can you?
It's unworthy of a Marine.
I'm just glad my people
aren't here to see this.
[LAW] And yet, I'm only alive
because of what you did.
Now it's time to end this.
Mr. Vergo.
[VERGO]
Pathetic fool.
It's about time you remember
your place in the world.
[LAW] Tell yourself whatever
lies you need to hear.
But I don't think
you're gonna be sitting
on the throne of power forever.
Either of you.
Yeah, I know you're listening.
Hello, Joker.
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[LAW] I think you should know
that Vergo is as good as dead.
You're about to lose
your right-hand man.
Meanwhile, Straw Hat's
gonna take care of Caesar,
and that means you can kiss
your supply of SAD goodbye.
You didn't see this coming
because you were overconfident.
You always have been.
So please, feel free to keep
cackling like an arrogant idiot
while you plot your next move.
Enjoy it while you can,
but you won't be laughing
for very much longer.
'Cause we're gonna
do the unthinkable.
[DOFLAMINGO laughing]
[DOFLAMINGO]
You do a pretty decent job
of acting like a
tough guy, runt. Heh.
But I think you're the one
who's being overconfident here.
Take a good look at Vergo.
Pissing him off is
never a good idea.
[DOFLAMINGO] Think about
what happened last time.
How did that turn out
for you? Not very well.
You crossed Vergo, and what
did he do to you then?
Heh. You remember. I'm sure
it was quite traumatic.
Are you afraid of him?
You must be.
Even with your incomparable
swordsmanship,
with his Haki, he can
block your every attack.
Whether we're talking
status or strength,
the sad fact is, you're
no match for Vergo,
and never will be.
[growls]
[VERGO]
Let's do this.
[LAW] It's been two years now,
since the War in Marineford.
[LAW] Tell me, did anyone
actually accomplish anything?
All you did was maintain
the status quo.
And Whitebeard? All he did
was bring an end to the era.
The Navy regrouped and
bolstered its strength.
But none of the big players
have taken action.
It's like everyone has been
holding their breath,
just preparing.
That war was only a beginning.
It was a prologue.
[LAW] You always told
me that it was coming.
That a new era would arrive,
borne along by an
unstoppable tide.
The age of the daring ones.
Here we are, Joker.
I opened the gate.
[LAW] The gears are broken--
there is no turning back.
For anyone.
[NARRATOR]
After a single attack from Law
instantly turns
the tide of battle,
the Straw Hat Pirates
hasten to make their escape.
Lashing out in a fit of rage,
Caesar Clown unleashes
a vicious,
sweeping assault on
friend and foe alike,
then decides to make Luffy
his number-one target!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Caesar's Defeat!
The Powerful Grizzly Magnum!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!